Add an error from SQLite (#14479)
metabase/metabase: docs/troubleshooting-guide/running.md

    java -Xmx2g -XX:+HeapDumpOnOutOfMemoryError -XX:HeapDumpPath=/path/to/a/directory -jar metabase-jar

The `-XX:HeapDumpPath` flag is optional, with the current directory being the default. When an `OutOfMemoryError` occurs, it will dump an `hprof` file to the directory specified. These can be large (i.e. the size of the `-Xmx` argument) so ensure your disk has enough space. These `hprof` files can be read with many different tools, such as `jhat` included with the JDK or the [Eclipse Memory Analyzer Tool](https://www.eclipse.org/mat/).

> ### Metabase cannot read or write from a file or folder (IOError)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Metabase can't read or write from a file or directory (IOError)

```

> Check the issue [here](docker.md)

Reviewer 2: I suggest not using "here" as the link text (see [this old advice](https://www.w3.org/QA/Tips/noClickHere)).
If anything, "here" isn't a good search-able keyword.

> If you find an error regarding file permissions when using Metabase, like not being able to read a SQLite database or a custom GeoJSON, we also have you covered in this section about [Metabase not being able to read from a file or folder](docker.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find an error regarding file permissions, like Metabase being unable to read a SQLite database or a custom GeoJSON, check out the section "Metabase can't read to/from a file or directory" in our [Docker troubleshooting guide](docker.md).
```
